very good my dear lovers of the
heart I hope I'm enjoying the
day get ready and don't say goodbye to many of your
phones tablets and
computers and the TV because it doesn't stop doesn't
stop the day of having news and salcedo it's
worth it I won't keep you up to date
during the afternoon but incredible and it
seems that the weekend and the long weekend
are going to be
hectic on the long weekend we're going to have
quite a lot of controversy and
salcedo as you like it is confirmed
that Vanessa Martin these negotiations
with the television factory you already know the
exclusive reception or a few hours ago
because you will always find out first on
this channel anything goes on televisions to the CEO
because we are the best and because we are the
most viewed with more than 8 million
visits on our channels incredible it is not
confirmed in the last few minutes the
competition is very clever the
competition is very frustrated
and saying no no that it is not yet
confirmed that these negotiations
and that well that when they but
well that we said it this
morning here that we have Vanessa the
weekend in the deluxe for sure tomorrow
okay they are in negotiations and the
negotiations  they are going to be because on the one
hand the television factory is
interested in cleaning up its image
you know that telecinco has changed
director and if you don't know then I'll
say it now I've completely cancelled for the
moment the content about Rocio
Carrasco Antonio Davis Rocio Flores and the
whole story and for now
we need the image bay
Vanessa Martin on the other hand well she's been
looking for months months Vanesa Martin has
been looking for these months
none of the
media that have been offered to her nor so
many YouTube channels that she had
available to have spoken have helped her she didn't
want to be on Sálvame and surely the
accounts and the negotiations here are going to come
out familiar what do you think are you
happy we like it when she gives the
exclusive this morning where you know
found out for the first time that we have
Vanesa Martin on Salva
well there are many people who have not been
very pleased that say that there is not going to be one
okay these people do not care at
all about gender violence and that they
only want to see the
help numbers of this I have said it okay it seems to me it seems to me look it
seems surprising on the one hand
I have several here  things
to say on the one hand surprising that
the television factory will do now yes
now at least when this story they
know it from the beginning I am that I was
no longer going I was on principle I was not going like that they
know the story from the beginning if
in this mind they had been interested and
concerned about the victims they would have
given him a voice from the beginning they do not pay
Pepe Navarro a fortune and offer
the PP Navarro a docuseries I do not know
that they would have done things from the
beginning not now it is worth it then on the
other hand the
girls if they had wanted to talk and had
wanted to have a ball they would have had it
on Federico Jiménez
Losantos' radio that then that program is broadcast
on YouTube too and they get hold of a
lot of news media about the
things that happen there YouTube channels they would have had whoever they wanted
to talk to but whoever they wanted did
not work out the negotiations with
the other vouchers and on the other hand
well the person who manages it
nevertheless I understood that he was
against Mediaset he was against
Medias and to the point that they
organize to contact the brands not
so that they stop working with Medias and
or so that you are aware of, hey, be aware
that they achieved the overturn,
they will not contract in hand and they closed with
brothers, so we are against
Mediaset and the television factory, I don't
know that there are negotiations that then
you how things are going, users
love it within the principles of
the people and the news that comes out to
me is that I love this content,
families, be reading the
comment box, don't forget to subscribe if you
want to find out about things first,
here it is always worth it, always here the
first on the most watched channel and the one with the
largest audience, the live shows, don't
forget to share this on your
social networks and of course
subscribe, a hug, family, and
see you in the next news
[Music]